1.C  is a general-purpose, imperative computer programming language. It supports structured programming, 
lexical variable scope and recursion, while a static type system prevents many unintended operations. 
By design, C provides constructs that map efficiently to typical machine instructions, and therefore 
it has found lasting use in applications that had formerly been coded in assembly language, including
operating systems, as well as various application software for computers ranging from supercomputers
to embedded systems.


2.Java is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented,
and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let
application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA),meaning that compiled Java code can run on all 
platforms that support Java without the need for recompilation.Java applications are typically compiled to 
bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture.


3.JavaScript is a dynamic programming language.It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose 
implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate 
asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed.It is also used in server-side network 
programming with runtime environments such as Node.js, game development and the creation of desktop and
mobile applications.


4.SQL is structured Query Language.It is a special-purpose programming language designed for managing 
data held in a relational database management system (RDBMS), or for stream processing in a relational 
data stream management system (RDSMS).Originally based upon relational algebra and tuple relational calculus,
SQL consists of a data definition language and a data manipulation language. The scope of SQL includes data 
insert, query, update and delete, schema creation and modification, and data access control.


5.C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming
features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation. C++ has been found useful 
in many other contexts, including desktop applications, servers (e.g. e-commerce, web search or SQL servers),
performance-critical applications (e.g. telephone switches or space probes), and entertainment software.C++ is 
a compiled language, with implementations of it available on many platforms and provided by various organizations,
including the FSF, LLVM, Microsoft and Intel.